hey what's going on guys
today i'll show you a science fiction
film cold skin
spoiler ahead watch out and take care
in the year 1914 after a long journey at
sea
friend arrives at his destination a
remote island in the south atlantic
he's sent to work as a meteorologist
there replacing the previous one
he checks the cabin but sees nobody
there only to find a total mess
hoping to find somebody nearby he later
comes with a captain to the lighthouse
which to his confusion is stuck full of
arrows on its sidewall
the only man living on this island is
named grooner
who claims to be the caretaker of
lighthouse
he tells friend that the previous
meteorologist can't return with a ship
as he has died from typhus possibly in
the sea
before leaving with his men the captain
is suspicious of the situation
and want to give friend a pistol to
protect himself but friend refuses to
take it
considering it unnecessary in this
unpopulated island
at night in the cabin friend checks the
diary of the previous meteorologist
where he finds a torn marriage photo of
a woman
presumably his wife much to his
confusion
the diary also shows portraits of some
unknown creatures
with strange looks soon after reading
that
he's terrified by a creature with its
webbed fingers trying to reach through
under the door he trembles on it before
hiding himself up in the cellar
and then jabs injured one of those
creatures causing them to flee away
the next day morning fran calls gruner
to let him into the lighthouse
but to no avail without better choice
friend has to reinforce the cabin door
and windows determined to make a stand
with a rifle
discovered later among the baggage
that night the monsters come to attack
again and he shoots at them
as there are too many to take on with
only one rifle
friend then resorts to starting a big
fire around the cabin
causing them to flee eventually but
ruins the cabin
covered up with a bed sheet friend
rushes out through the fire
and spends a tough night by the rocks
the next day morning trying to confront
bruner for the truth
friend takes the rifle and follows him
down to the rocks
attempting to ambush him there friend
however
is then lunged by a blue sea creature he
manages to free himself in a panic
and points his gun at him but he's right
then stopped by the coming gruner
who shows that it's female and as tame
as a dog that would never betray her
master
in exchange bruner promises to shelter
him in the lighthouse
they later pack up the leftovers in the
cabin and carry them all to the
lighthouse before the sunset
friend wakes up from his all-day-long
tiredness finding the creature is
licking his wounded hand
and unbelievably it heals quickly friend
later learns from bruner
that such sea monsters in fear of lights
and fires however
would only make their attack on humans
after sunset
quite different from bruner who's
seemingly satisfied to stay at this
goddamn place
friend just want to leave as soon as
possible
but gruner tells him that there's only
one time in a year for ships to deliver
supplies to this island
that night the sea monsters launched
their attacks again
bruner fights them back violently but
friend faints during the bloody battle
only wakes up in the morning when gerner
is angry about his useless
and sends him out to fetch the fresh
water while on his return however
friends sees gruner is right then
releasing his devil hormone
on the female creature at night as a
punishment to him
gruner locks friend outside the balcony
to face the coming sea monsters alone
after a whole night battle however
friend is found covered in creature
blood
but alive the next day the two men
settle into a routine
they reinforce the lighthouse during
daytime and fend for themselves against
the alien creatures at night
as time goes by friend gets attracted by
the female creature
born with cold loose skin he then names
her anaris
with no attacks in the following days
they relax their vigilance against the
creatures
who however launch a sudden attack of
the night when the tower light is
totally off the two men fend for
themselves in a hurry
and turns on the light immediately but
it's too late
swarms of creatures have climbed up the
lighthouse they soon run out of the
bullets
runner is injured before they hide into
the attic protected with lights
henris helps ho bruner's injury the next
day
while friend tries to signal to a
passing ship for rescue
he stopped by bruner immediately who
under his insanity
seems unwilling to allow anybody to
disturb his peace on the island
while he's pressing friend down on the
ground anarus however
shows her aggressive mr gruner who's
irritated and turns to abuse her
physically and sexually trying to give
her some comfort friend later shows her
a little boat carved with whale bones
upon seeing that anirus leads friend to
an abandoned boat on the beach
he then tells bruner about it but gruner
doesn't feel surprised at all
he knew it was there it's used to escape
a shipwreck by an armed dealer
who's later killed by the creatures
knowing that the sunken ship's cargo
contains dynamite
friend proposes to explore the shipwreck
but gruner disagrees
after seeing friend swimming in a pool
with anaris he changes his mind due to
the jealousy
hoping that friend might die in that
attempt
everything goes well at the beginning
while boxes of dynamite are recovered
from the bottom
friend later however is frightened to
encounter a sea monster
he then signals to gruner to take him
out of water
while runner doesn't take any action on
purpose
fortunately with a heavy dive suit taken
off friend survives the drowning
with the dynamite dry enough to use they
soon set up a trap around the lighthouse
hoping to blow them up once for all
however
they wait for days in the winter snow
but see not creatures showing up bruner
blames anaris for that
and turns to torture her physically and
sexually
that night eners is forced onto the
balcony and made to sing
to attract the sea monsters of her kind
as the monsters swarm near gruner fails
to set off the first explosives
he has to provide the gunfire cover for
friend before friend reconnects the
detonator successfully on top of a
lighthouse
the resulting blast kills a multitude of
creatures
bruno then sets off the second
explosives which however
are much closer to the lighthouse
knocking both of them unconscious
the following day they recovered a
consciousness but anirus is found
missing
gruner finishes off the wounded and
dying creatures
that are lying on the beach while friend
believes that the creatures seem to be
more civilized
than that's been told by gruner bruner
explains that interest was actually
rescued by him years ago
as a baby trapped in a net and kept us
his companion for these years
when gruner is still asleep friend
searches his belongings
and finds a marriage photo of bruner
with his wife who's exactly the same
woman found in the meteorologist diary
friend realizes suddenly that rooner is
actually the previous meteorologist
in the evening friend discovers a baby
creature who shows curiosity to him
an anirus later arrives with creatures
of her kind
appearing confident and bold they seem
to just want a truce with humans
instead of any killing though bruner
appears then
and shows his gun commanding anaris to
return to him
henris however already knows how to
refuse her master for the first time
while bruner becomes hysterical and runs
back to the lighthouse
he then shoots a flare at the baby
creature striking him in the chest
and killing him as the rest creatures
flee
scattered friend runs back in anger and
fights the bloody killer gruner
who however gains the upper hand and
want to kill friend with an axe
but fran calls out his real name that of
the previous
meteorologist gruner stops his insanity
drops the axe and staggers outside to be
killed by the swarming sea creatures
some time later the next ship arrives to
replace friend
whoever denies his real identity but
instead
tells that friend has already died from
disease
determined to stay on this isolated
island forever he just sees off the
supply ships
seemingly having sought his peace and
found his role in protecting the
creatures there
compared to that his previous
meteorologist however
while fighting the alien sea monsters
and seeking his satisfaction from the
sexual abuse on the female creature
turns to lose his humanity slowly and
eventually becomes the monster gruner
himself
he who fights with monsters should look
to it that he himself does not become a
monster
when you gaze long into the abyss the
abyss also gazes into you
this is daniel cc movie channel bye